Chinese checkers is a strategy board game that is the simplified variation of the popular Halma game, and your objective is to do whatever it takes to be the first player who races his pieces across the board. 
Halma is an open-source Halma game that offers both the traditional 16x16 and the Chinese Checkers variant. The multiplayer feature enables you to play the checkers with up to 6 players. If you don’t want to play the multiplayer mode, you can challenge your checkers-solving skills against the AI.
So, if you are into such strategy board games and looking for a perfect Halma experience, you’ve come to the right place. Download Halma for free on your Android device, choose your preferred board types and have fun playing Chinese checkers with family, friends, or other players all around the world.

A strategy board game where you get to compete against friends
Halma is all about providing the best possible experience of playing Halma on your Android device. You have the option to play against the AI, or utilize the multiplayer mode to play by two, three, four, or six people. 
No matter you are a professional Chinese checkers player or you have just started to learn to play this strategy board game, we’ve got you covered. You can either choose to play the traditional 16x16 board or the Chinese Checkers board.

Do you know the tricks to win Chinese checkers? 
Halma’s gameplay is as simple as moving your pieces across the board, however, you should follow a strategy should you wish to win against the opponents. There are several strategies you can use for success against your opponent, and knowing a couple of opening-move tricks can increase the chance of winning the game and be the first to race all of one's pieces across the board.
What’s your favorite opening-move strategy? Are you one of those who prefer to  aim for the centerline, or you move from the sides in? Download Halma for free on your Android device and try out multiple strategies before heading to the competition with family and friends. 

Who should install this free strategy board game?
If you are one of the following types of users, Halma becomes your best companion to kill some time in your spare time and improve your puzzle-solving skills:
One. If you are a professional Chinese checkers player and looking for a Halma app to have the best possible experience on your Android device, we are here to help.
Two. If you are looking for a strategy board game to improve concentration skills and challenges your puzzle-solving skills, the wide range of professional Halma players make sure to challenge your skill. 
Three. If you are looking for a fun multiplayer game to compete against family, friends, and other professional Halma players, the multiplayer mode is the perfect choice for you.
What else? Since the entire features of this Halma game are available for free, there is no harm in giving it a try and explore the features for yourself. 
Halma main features at a glance:
    • Clean and neat design with a fresh and intuitive interface
    • High-quality graphics with smooth animations
    • Supports both traditional 16x16 and the Chinese Checkers variants
    • Open-source Chinese checkers game (https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/Halma)
    • Multiplayer mode to play by two, three, four, or six people
    • Fun for all ages
    • Free to play
So, Halma, the free Chinese checkers game, delivers everything you should expect from such strategy board games, and it even sets the bar higher by offering the multiplayer feature to play Halma with family and friends. It supports both the simplified and traditional variants, and you can play with up to 6 players.
Don’t forget to have solid strategies to progress in the board and try to use different opening-move approaches and have a trick up your sleeve.
Download Halma for free on your Android phone or tablet, and let us know about any bugs, questions, feature requests, or any other suggestions.
